Adding information about SuzieQ (#145)
networktocode/awesome-network-automation: README.md

 - [StackStorm Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCColc5CuBJ8-1SnALnkDz8Q) - Various intro, marketing, interviews, and technical product talks.
 - [Stackstorm Docs](https://docs.stackstorm.com) - Documentation repository for latest version of StackStorm.
 - [StackStorm Intro on Software Gone Wild](https://blog.ipspace.net/2016/11/stackstorm-101-on-software-gone-wild.html) - SGW team talk with StackStorm (including Matt Oswalt) to discuss StackStorm.
 
 ## SuzieQ

>  - [Github Repository](https://github.com/netenglabs/suzieq) is the first open-source, agentless, multi-vendor network observability application
>  - [Quick Install](https://suzieq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/)
>  - [Online Documentation](https://suzieq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
>  - [Youtube Videos](https://www.youtube.com/@suzieqproject7168)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 - [SuzieQ Documentation](https://suzieq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - All official documentation including project overview, quick start, configuration guide, etc.
 - [SuzieQ Repository](https://github.com/netenglabs/suzieq) - Open-source code for the SuzieQ project.
 - [SuzieQ Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@suzieqproject7168) - Official youtube home of the SuzieQ project providing community meetups and demonstrations of the project in action.
```

 - [FreeZTP](https://github.com/PackeTsar/freeztp) - FreeZTP is an open-source Zero-Touch Provisioning system for Cisco IOS campus switches and routers.
 - [gNMIc](https://gnmic.kmrd.dev) - gNMI CLI client and collector.
 - [Hierarchical Configuration](https://github.com/netdevops/hier_config) - Hierarchical Configuration is a Python library that is able to take a running configuration of a network device, compare it to its intended configuration, and build the remediation steps necessary bring a device into spec with its intended configuration.

>  - [inet-henge](https://github.com/codeout/inet-henge) - Generate d3.js based Network Diagram from JSON data.

Reviewer: please revert.

Author: Done
